# progression-app-perl                                                                                                                                         

This repository hosts scripts used to decode `*.progressionbackup` files generated by the fitness tracker called "Progression".

See http://www.progression-app.com/ to learn more about Progression.

# what can I do?

If you export your workouts with Progression, you'll get a `DATE TIME.progressionbackup` file.

The main script is called `weightxreps.pl` and it can read from Progression backup file, and generate
[weightxreps.net](http://weightxreps.net) journal entries based on the workouts.

To list all workouts in the backup file:

    # ./weightxreps.pl -i data/2015-12-26-15-48-17.progressionbackup
    ...
    [2]    <improvised>                      @ 2015/12/21 19:03:29 + 0.92 hours
    [1]    B (squat, OHP, deadlift)          @ 2015/12/23 08:36:50 + 2.2 hours
    [0]    A (squat, bench, row)             @ 2015/12/26 09:54:10 + 1.86 hours

Above, entries are listed in reverse-chronological order so that most recent sessions
show up at the bottom.  Each entry consists of session number, workout name
(if you follow a schedule, or `<improvised>` if you do not), the starting
date and time, and the duration.

To generate a `weightxreps` journal entry, select a session and run...

    # ./weightxreps.pl -i data/2015-12-26-15-48-17.progressionbackup -s 0
    #squat
    135 x 5
    225 x 5 x 5
    #bench-press
    135 x 5
    190 x 5 x 3
    190 x 4 x 2
    #barbell-row
    135 x 5
    170 x 5 x 5
    #dips
    BW x 10 x 3

Journal entries can also be generated for sessions(s) matching a date.  As above
select a date from the summary output and run...

    # ./weightxreps.pl -i data/2015-12-26-15-48-17.progressionbackup -d 2015/12/26
    ...

Note that if multiple sessions match a single date, they will both be output.

See `weightxreps.pl -help` and `-man` for more information.

# debug tools

There are also 2 scripts that can be used to dump the contents of the backup file (everything):

* `./dump.pl <file>` - builds a tree structure that's easy to look at.
* `./dddump.pl <file>` - fairly short, using `Data::Dumper` to generate crude output.


